Copyright (C) Eelco Vriezekolk, Universiteit Twente, Agentschap Telecom.
See LICENSE.md


BUGS
Standalone apps: show hide labels does not work. Switching labels seems to fix it. Cannot reproduce.
When changing WPA, only redo Assessments for malicious Vulnerabilities, and repaint Components containing those. Speedups!!!!
Share a project, then share it again under a different name. Now the server has two project using the same UUIDs. You cannot import them anymore. Solution: renumber project on renaming??
	Defaulting to renumbering will do away with the "Project cannot be imported twice" error.
Mini-map "on" should move it into sight; or fix what we had: fix minimap at top-right corner.
Do away with the online/offline setting?
Add a warning (in the intranet version) before leaving the page; or simply intercept the Back action and ignore it.
Under Windows, using Chrome or standalone, a horizontal scrollbar is visible on generated PDFs / printouts.
In a deeply nested tree, the inplace editor for a cluster's name may not fit. Solution: implement inplace editor using a balloon popup.
When printing CCF, the accordions are not always all expanded.
Change details of a project on the server but not active: function not implemented.
Should retain UI state (accordion SF/CCF open/close, tab seelcted, service selected) independent of project data. <-- how is this a bug?

IDEAS FOR FUTURE FEATURES
Add a Duplicate function for a selection of nodes. This would duplicate each of the nodes, then duplicate the connections between selected nodes.
Change all icons in the selection (provided that they are all of the same type).
New object: area. Like a selection, but fixed. Like a label, but visually less obvious and more resizable. Use areas to expand a cloud into subcomponents?
Create a dark color scheme?
Exclude entire vulnerabilities in Analysis|Failures and Vulnerabilities tab.
Select multiple nodes using Ctrl/Cmd-click (and have multiple selectrects)
Filter on Single Failures, including on overall threat score.
Sort vulns for a component on name/freq/impact/total/remark
	Perhaps as a reworking using tables with resizeable colimns. Does a suitable plugin exist?

OTHER TODO
Find panel should search through Clusters as well.
	It is difficult to locate a node inside a large cluster-subclusture structure.
Hide the URL mouseover popup in the bottom left corner of the window. They are in the way of bottom tabs.
Make use of the bind() function when useful (a number of functions use a local variable to store the 'this' value).
Simplify the UI for menuitem 'Make single'. Renamiong to 'Make one component' is not clear either, as the thing is still presented as a class.
Emit a Ctrl-Z or Cmd-Z when using the Undo/Redo menuitems in the standalone app while a textfield has focus.
Some functions take an object as parameter, others take an ID. Allow both: if (typeof(param)=='string') param=Node.get(param);. Alternatively change all functions to take objects as parameter. Any conversion is then on the caller (which may already have the correct object).
Use show()/hide() iso using css('visibility',...)
Fancy workspace, indicate right and bottom borders, for those with huge screens or large zoom factors?
Make UI action scriptable (e.g. UIdrag(type,drop_x,drop_y)) so that all testcases can be automated.
Already requiring ES6 (const/let, arrow functions, class for interators). Now make use of more: all objects as class definitions, create modules with import/export, remove var definitions.
When renaming a node, split at the ^ sign and treat the latter part as the suffix?
Include CCFs in de calculation of overall threat level? And include the relevant CCFs in the popup vulnerability window for a node? CCFs are too much an add-on, and do not have equal status with SFs.
Improve coding style: see document 'styleguide.md'.
Sort Single failures by Label. How would this work when components can have multiple labels??
When changing the type of a node: if the name of the node looks like a default one, then update the name to reflect the new type; otherwise, leave the name untouched.
The sort order on the Failures and Vulnerabilities tab should probably be a Preference.
Clean up the code so that UI stuff is more clearly separated from the objects themselves. Also rearrange code between rasterMain.js and the objects.
When adding a threat to a Unknown node, the type of the new threat is always tEQT. It should be possible to change the type to tWRD or tWLS. Have 3 typed add buttons?
Have separate Paste functions for merging and overwriting?
Change from accordion widget to the Collapser plugin?
Better handling of redundancy in telecom services.
Consistency report for the entire diagram, plus UI.

CANNOT REPRODUCE
Bug: "No or too many node clusters" in "common vulnerability delete"
Fixed? Sometimes when moving a node localStorage is not up to date with the node's properties.

OTHER / WON'T FIX
The Find textfield has a placeholder attribute; set this also on Remarks. Cannot, because remarks are not an input textfield.
Make the "Total" column in threat tables couloured? Doesn't look good. Tried it.
Two sub-clusters on the same level can have the same name. Since it is OK for sub-clusters not sharing the same parent to have the same name, and since it does not break anything, we won't fix this.
The list in Single Failures cannot be grouped by service, as some components belong to more than one service. They would then be duplicated, which complicates the UI too much (e.g. a single edit may change multiple objects on the screen).
Drag to create may create rnode somewhat outside canvas --> won't fix, will be corrected on first drag/move
Adding a shadow to nodes as they are dragged is not good; the shadow will follow the rectangular contour of the node, not the real shape. That looks odd.
It would be nice if hover over edit-in place would not be a orange rectangle but had rounded corners. Tried it, won't work (as node titles can wrap, a linebreak in a <span> with rounded corners looks odd).

